Add link to `props.css` to the documentation (#422)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/customization.mdx

   });
   ```

> You can find a list of all the CSS custom properties used by Starlight that you can use or override to customize your site in this [file](https://github.com/withastro/starlight/blob/main/packages/starlight/style/props.css).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see all the CSS custom properties used by Starlight that you can set to customize your site in the [`props.css` file on GitHub](https://github.com/withastro/starlight/blob/main/packages/starlight/style/props.css).
```
